Oops, you're right.
Two kinds of people can't sleep in one bed
Your husband is a liar
You are even more of a liar
Oh, dear.
What kind of parents have what kind of children
A child like this, a bad-hearted husband
Hurry up and tell the principal
Let him give me this kid and fire him
I will never allow
A bad boy like him
Do the same with my son
Don't worry, it's a small matter
Bullying my son, I will never let you go
Don't be in a hurry, it's about to start
Right, Doudou?
Yes!
Hello what hello
Ouch Assistant Sun
What do you want?
Ding, you ate the bear heart and leopard.
Even the young lady dares to bully
Story Group's investment
You don't want a penny.
Did Gu Zhenqing really help?
Are you really Mrs. Zhao?
You are Mr. Gu
Mr. Gu, you don't remember villains
You must not withdraw your privacy, oops.
Mr. Gu
Oh, Mr. Gu
Please. Please
Mr. Gu, our company is not well managed
Without this investment, I would be bankrupt
Mr. Gu
Have pity on me
I kowtow to you
Kowtow to you
I'm leaving, Mr. Gu
Mommy, I'm in trouble.